feat: add members badge in members section (#982)
InnerSourceCommons/innersourcecommons.org: content/en/about/members.md

title: "Members"
subtitle: ""
description: "Some community participants go above and beyond, and may be invited to become an ISC Member."
image: "/images/about/members-badge.png"
---
<div class="d-flex">

>     <img src="/images/about/members-badge.png" title="The InnersourceCommons Badge is given to all Members" class="img-fluid mx-auto">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="/images/about/members-badge.png" title="The InnerSource Commons Badge is given to all Members" class="img-fluid mx-auto">
```

description: "Some community participants go above and beyond, and may be invited to become an ISC Member."

> image: "/images/logo.png"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image: "/images/about/members-badge.png"
```

Is the goal of this PR is to show the members-badge image as the social-media preview image for this URL as well?

If yes, then I think the image would have to be used here as well.

Author: @spier I think you're right. I might've misread the PR and only addressed the second part. Added you suggestion
